<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
<p>Last updated: September 20, 2024</p>
<p>This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Application and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.</p>

<h2>Interpretation and Definitions</h2>
<h3>Interpretation</h3>
<p>The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.</p>
<h3>Definitions</h3>
<p>For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>Application</strong> refers to Notes, the software program provided by the Company.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Company</strong> (referred to as either &quot;the Company&quot;, &quot;We&quot;, &quot;Us&quot; or &quot;Our&quot; in this Agreement) refers to Notes.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Country</strong> refers to:  Dominica</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Device</strong> means any device that can access the Application such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Personal Data</strong> is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Usage Data</strong> refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Application or from the Application infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>You</strong> means the individual accessing or using the Application, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Application, as applicable.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>Collecting and Using Your Personal Data</h2>
<h3>Use of Your Personal Data</h3>
<p>The Application does not collect or use personal data</p>
<ul>
</ul>
<p>Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.</p>

<h2>Changes to this Privacy Policy</h2>
<p>We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.</p>
<p>You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.</p>
<h2>Contact Us</h2>
<p>If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:</p>
<ul>
<li>By email: kbdlabs@gmail.com</li>
</ul>
